New model with agent_step! and model_step! (#889)
JuliaDynamics/Agents.jl: docs/src/tutorial.md

        agent.money += transfer
        neighbor.money -= transfer
    end
    agent.age += 1
    # if too old, pass fortune onto heir and remove from model
    if agent.age > 75
        heir = replicate!(agent, model)
        heir.age = 1
        remove_agent!(agent, modeL)
    end
    return # function end. As it is in-place it `return`s nothing.
end
```
and to activate all agents randomly once per simulation step, one would use `Schedulers.Randomly()` as the model scheduler.

we stress that in contrast to the above `model_step!`, this function will be called for _every_ scheduled agent, while `model_step!` will only be called _once_ per simulation step.
Naturally, you may define **both** an agent- and a model- stepping functions. In this case the model stepping function would perform model-wide actions that are not limited to a particular agent.

## [3.3 The evolution rule - advanced (manual scheduling)](@id manual_scheduling)

Some advanced models may require special handling for scheduling, or may need to schedule agents several times and act on different subsets of agents with different functions during a single simulation step.

> In such a scenario, it is more sensible to provide only a model stepping function,  where all configuration is contained within.

Author: ```suggestion
In such a scenario, it is more sensible to provide only a model stepping function,  where all the dynamics is contained within.
```

Here is an example:

```julia
function complex_step!(model)

>     scheduler1 = Schedulers.Randomly()
>     scheduler2 = user_defined_function
>     for id in scheduler1(model)
>         agent_step1!(model[id], model)
>     end

Author: ```suggestion
    scheduler1 = Schedulers.Randomly()
    scheduler2 = user_defined_function_with_model_as_arg
    for id in schedule(model, scheduler1)
        agent_step1!(model[id], model)
    end
```

same for `scheduler2`

Reviewer: Why complicate things? A scheduler is a function that takes in the model as an argument. `schedule(model, scheduler)` has no reason to exist. It should be `scheduler(model)` instead. The only thing that should exist is `schedule(model)` because it uses the default internal scheduler.

Author: The problem this tries to address is that this way the check about removed agents is done automatically inside `schedule`, this seems to me a good safety reason to require that

Author: this is the code of `schedule(model, scheduler)`: https://github.com/JuliaDynamics/Agents.jl/pull/889/files#diff-8d4e4a89381c499f8748e691a16bd597edc7e55a035a72755fe69d4db4b0749bR13

Reviewer: oooooooooooooh, now i understand. unfortunately this doesn't really help:
```julia
function schedule(model::ABM)
    scheduler = abmscheduler(model)(model)
    return Iterators.filter(id -> id in allids(model), scheduler)
end
schedule(model::UnremovableABM) = abmscheduler(model)(model)
schedule(model::ABM, scheduler) = Iterators.filter(id -> id in allids(model), scheduler(model))
```
You see, `allids(model)` is not dynamic. The only way to dynamically skip agents that are removed while the model evolves is the way we do it now:
```julia
for id in activation_order
        if model isa StandardABM # this if gets compiled out
            id in allids(model) || continue
        end
        agent_step!(model[id], model)
    end
```

Reviewer: So `schedule` needs to be removed after all. It doens't add anything besides more `api` names.

`schedule` should be moved to the deprecations and be replaced by `abmscheduler(model)(model)`.

Reviewer: Okay, forget what I said. `allids(model)` **is dynamic**.

Reviewer: so over all your solution is fine, we keep `schedule` as is. OPlease adjust the source ccode accordingly.

Author: 👍
